Fix wrong statement about arrow function and bound this (#2040)
vuejs/vuejs.org: src/v2/guide/instance.md

There are also other hooks which will be called at different stages of the instance's lifecycle, such as [`mounted`](../api/#mounted), [`updated`](../api/#updated), and [`destroyed`](../api/#destroyed). All lifecycle hooks are called with their `this` context pointing to the Vue instance invoking it.

> <p class="tip">Don't use [arrow functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Arrow_functions) on an options property or callback, such as `created: () => console.log(this.a)` or `vm.$watch('a', newValue => this.myMethod())`. Since arrow functions doesn't have a `this`, `this` will be treated as a any other variable and the arrow function will lexically look up through parent scopes until a `this` is found, often resulting in errors such as `Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property of undefined` or `Uncaught TypeError: this.myMethod is not a function`.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="tip">Don't use [arrow functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Arrow_functions) on an options property or callback, such as `created: () => console.log(this.a)` or `vm.$watch('a', newValue => this.myMethod())`. Since an arrow function doesn't have a `this`, `this` will be treated as a any other variable and lexically looked up through parent scopes until found, often resulting in errors such as `Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property of undefined` or `Uncaught TypeError: this.myMethod is not a function`.</p>
```
